I don't like it when you get hurt
Just a skin injury
How do you carry this around with you?
You have a child?
Love to be hurt since childhood
Some people were in a hurry just now.
You will be in a hurry to calm down.
Want to pick corn?
Take you somewhere
Dad, I have banned Meng Xianxian
Next up is Song Yuchun
I won't let go of anyone who hurt you.
One day.
Will make them kneel in front of you and kowtow to make amends
A confession
Uncle Lu, don't worry.
I will definitely stay by Tang Yao's side for the rest of my life
Director Xu
The director of the New Year film
Miss Tang, the male lead of Fengyun can't be changed. What?
Not good, Mr. Lu
Our investors and investors disagree
Investors have a big shelf
How am I doing?
Really nice.
I really can't do it without you
But behind Tang Yang is the Lu family
Then Young Master Lu is just playing with him
Who would really marry him home?
As long as Lu Xuan doesn't take action
Our ministers will hold steady
Sister, I love you the most, hahahaha.
when
I don't believe you still dare to destroy and offend the building
The Chen family wants you to walk around